Hi, hi, welcome to this lesson, lesson
number one for module one, module two,
sorry, remember, remember, remember that
we're gonna look some phrases and this is
gonna be really important for you
So remember to repeat and also remember
to practice all the phrases, practice all
the phrases So the first phrase, and you,
and you, first phrase, and you, we use
and you to ask the other person how are
they doing, you know, to put the question
into the other person
So for example, I say, how are you?
And you answer, I'm great, and you, and
you lo utilizamos para preguntarle a la
otra persona, para darle la pregunta,
pasársela al que nos preguntó por primera
vez o de primero
So, and you, repeat, and you, very good,
ese, recuerden, remember, it's not you,
okay, it's you, you, okay, you, and you
Very good, pretty good, excellent,
excellent, nice, let's go to the next
one, and it is Not bad, thanks, not bad, thanks
It means that everything is normal, that
is good Not bad, thanks is similar, is
similar a I'm fine, I'm great, okay
So, not bad, thanks, you Excellent,
pretty good, not bad, thanks, everything
is okay
Not bad, not bad
What about you?
It's asking the other person, how are
they doing, okay
Eso les está preguntando el what about
you, le pregunta a la otra persona cómo
están So, what about you?
Okay, what about you?
Excellent, pretty good, again, what about you?
Nice, nice, pretty nice, let's go to the
next one
And remember, you need to practice, okay
So, repeat the video, repeat the video
And watch it again if you need to Bye
-bye Bye -bye Bye -bye Bye -bye Bye -bye
Bye -bye